Reid coded CI's original call tracking application and maintains an active role in all of the company's products. He graduated from Georgetown University.
Konrad has been the point man for CIs technology since 1994. Originally from South Africa, he grew up in Australia and The Netherlands. He is an avid motorcyclist, dog lover, rugby fan, and chef extraordinaire.
Robb is one of our native Texans and attended NTSU (now UNT) before beginning a 13 year career as a DJ. He loves spending time with his incredible family & friends and immersing  himself in his favorite sports.
Bethany graduated from Texas A&M University with a degree in Applied Mathematics. She loves to have adventures with her husband and new baby boy, run around White Rock Lake, and spend her quiet time with a good book.
Delia majored in Dance Education at TWU and danced professionally for ten years. She enjoys leading her 4 rescue dogs on adventures, going for vintage motorcycle rides with her husband, and attending renaissance festivals. She still loves to dance, even if only to an audience of canine companions in her living room.
Maggie majored in Radio / TV / Film at the University of North Texas. She has provided professional voice talent to dozens of major brands and radio stations. Maggie enjoys music, cooking and travel, hanging out with her teenaged daughter, her cat Lucy and her dog Sky. 
Jack founded CI in 1988. He has a degree in Geology from Fort Lewis College and started his career in the Oil & Gas industry. His favorite place is Horseshoe Bay, where youll find him flying, boating, and cooking.
Jennifer graduated from Texas Tech University. She enjoys going to Saturday morning breakfast with her daughter and husband, organizing her closet or pantry, and working out to any upbeat, current club music.
Bryan graduated from nearby SMU. If hes not preparing for (and dreaming about) his first Wimbledon championship, he can be found camping and hiking through the backwoods of Texas.
Mike graduated from Texas Christian University in Ft. Worth. On a typical weekend, you might spot Mike jamming out to live music, cheering on his beloved TCU Horned Frogs, or knee-deep in a good book.
Michael is a Navy Veteran who attended Texas Tech University and spent over 30 years (that he'll never get back) on the radio as a DJ, Traffic Reporter, and News Anchor. He enjoys hanging with his lovely wife, family and friends, giving back to his community, and riding the motorcycle he affectionately calls Black Thunder.
Patrick oversees CIs partnerships and client relationships. He graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy and then earned an engineering masters from the University of Texas. Hes a proud father of four and a rabid sports fan who lives and dies UT Football.
Marilyn graduated from Fort Lewis College in Durango, Colorado with a degree in Business Administration. She likes to ski, hike, read, and cook.
Jian holds a PhD and three separate degrees in Engineering, most recently from Georgia Tech. Her dream is to travel around the world with her husband and two children and bring happiness to everyone around her.
Jackie is originally from Charleston, South Carolina. She made the big move to Texas to study marketing and advertising at SMU. Jackie loves attending country music concerts (worlds biggest Garth Brooks fan) and is slowly teaching herself to be a not-so-horrible cook.
Sarah is part of a team that is growing CI's footprint in the automotive vertical.  In her free time she loves anything outdoors... even if that just means laying by a pool.
Phil graduated from Central Michigan University with a degree in Mathematics and Statistics. When not coding furiously, hes either playing video games with friends, working out some logic puzzle, or hanging out with his girlfriend.
Justin majored in business and information technology at Boise State University. He is a sports fanatic who also enjoys traveling the globe and experiencing eclectic cuisines.
Cara, a native Texan, is thrilled to be back in the land of Tex-Mex after graduating with degrees in Organizational Development and Psychology from Vanderbilt University. While she loves cheering on the Vandy Commodores, Cara bleeds burnt orange for the Texas Longhorns. In her spare time, Cara can be found watching Boy Meets World reruns, listening to live country music, and looking for a new fun place to travel.
Julie was born and raised in New York. She graduated from Baylor University with a concentration in Management and Human Resources. She loves to travel and experience new cultures. She is also a Yankees fan who is not looking forward to a season without Derek Jeter.
After a successful stint running Pogo's Seaside Grille in Norfolk, Virginia, Pogo joined Cox Auto Trader in 1998. He's been a fixture in the automotive industry ever since. Pogo has a passion for surfing, and he and his wife, Michele, are blessed with three wonderful children.
Keaton graduated from Cornell University with a degree in Hospitality Management. He spends most of his free time in the sun playing any competitive sport that his friends will challenge him.  His other hobby is cooking meals while studying the importance of a healthy diet.
A Texas native, Jayah graduated from Georgetown University where he was a 2 time all conference football player. When he isn't working on creative solutions for clients you can find him at a sports event, concert, or enjoying the DFW nightlife.
Jill studied at Collin County College and Academy of Art University, and soon after fell into a long winded path of various IT tech support roles. She spends her free time cooking, drawing, playing video games, and advocating animal rescue services.
Barbie studied at San Diego State University and quickly discovered a passion for Sales. She has quite a few Sky Diving Jumps under her belt, but these days youll find her behind her sewing machine making clothes for her twin girls.
Corey graduated from North Carolina before obtaining an MBA from Delaware which qualifies him to use the copier. He lives in NYC and loves exploring the City with his wife.
Whitney graduated from Baylor University with a degree in Marketing. She is a small-town gal who was born and raised in Texas with a passion for world travel. She is bound and determined to live every day like her last and when she is not talking call tracking you will probably find her outdoors, especially by the pool, lake or ocean (she loves scuba diving).
Toni is a true Cajun girl from South Louisiana. She is currently pursuing her MBA from University of Texas at Dallas and has a passion for experimenting with food in the kitchen. Toni will pour Tony Chachere's creole seasoning on just about anything (seriously!).
Dishon is a Dallas native who brings energy to the office and outside of it. When he is not discussing call tracking you can find him playing some type of sport and enjoying all that Dallas has to offer. He is also know for his home improvement projects that rival Tim 'The Tool Man'Taylor 
Katherine is originally from Fargo, ND, and made the big move to Dallas to become an SMU mustang. She graduated with two degrees in Markets & Culture and Spanish. She is an avid runner, former figure skater and loves to listen to Kenny Chesney sing about the Caribbean.
Jacob, originally from Mount Pleasant, TX, graduated from Texas A&M University - Commerce with a degree in Computer Science. If he's not playing video games or tinkering with computers, he's outdoors perfecting his golf game, hiking the countryside, or working on his marksmanship.
Daniel is from a small town in Alabama, and graduated from Auburn University with a degree in Finance. He is an avid college football fan, and looks forward to the amazing football atmosphere the state of Texas has to offer. In his down time he can be found reading a good book, strumming on his guitar or exploring all Dallas has to offer.
Mallory graduated from Vanderbilt University with a degree in Political Science, Spanish, and Corporate Strategy. While she misses Nashville (and being mistaken for Taylor Swift on the street), she is glad to be back in D-town. Mallory loves SEC football (Anchor Down!), the Rolling Stones, dirty martinis, and literally anything to do with Spain - but especially Xabi Alonso.
Mary is an artist turned chef turned corporate health-nut. She has a BA and MA in studio art from Dallas Baptist University and two culinary degrees from Le Cordon Bleu. When Mary's not busy whipping up something delicious, she enjoys working out and spending time with her husband.
Aaron is a native Texan, having lived in the DFW metroplex all of his life. Although working in the technology field since 2003, his true passion is the great outdoors. When he's not outdoors, hiking or camping, you'll probably find him working in his garden or devouring the latest Stephen King novel.
Sam is a self taught designer and programmer.  He is also capable of writing clever bios, but usually chooses not to do so...
Jashona graduated with a B.S. in Computer Science from Texas A&M University- Commerce in May of 2013. When she's not playing or collecting videos games and consoles or trying to master the art of beating those 50 cent claw games, she's modifying phones, editing music, taking a walk in the park, or living it up at Dave and Buster's.
Ian graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a B.S. in Computer Science. When he is not playing video games, watching TV, or enjoying anime and manga, he is either sleeping, playing tennis, or frisbeeing with friends.
Jeff graduated from the University of Texas at Arlington with a B.S. Information Systems degree. When not enjoying time with his wife, Leslie, and his son, Jacen, you can find him playing video games with friends, watching sports, or spending time outdoors.
After realizing 'professional TV watcher' wasn't an actual profession at the University of Arizona, getting into advertising and marketing was the next logical step. After over a decade in the game, he brings his know-how to CI. As co-creator of his beautiful daughter, Reva, he spends most of time with his wife, Wendy, keeping her from jumping off tables.
Born in Miami, Michael grew up in Dallas and eventually moved to Los Angeles. After graduating from Georgetown University in Washington, DC, Michael has returned to Dallas. An aficionado of water polo, bulldogs, and the outdoors, Michael can be found running trails, exploring the city, or reading album reviews.
Tolu graduated from UT-Austin with a BS in Nutrition, then went on to obtain his MS in Management from ASU. Born in Nigeria and raised in Texas, Tolu loves to play sports, especially table-tennis, and enjoys spending time with family and friends.
Josh graduated from Dallas Baptist University with a degree in Business Management. When not working, Josh enjoys playing and watching sports, being outside, and spending time with his family.
Maura graduated from the University of Colorado in Boulder with a degree in advertising and soon went to work for the Newspaper Agency in Salt Lake City, Utah. Ten years ago she moved back to her home state of Colorado. She is addicted to CrossFit and also loves to snowboard, road bike and spend time with her husband Christian her two kids Roman and Stella.
Sold first car in 1991. Successfuly owned operated Patterson Chevrolet Buick in MA for 7 years. Over the last 4 years I have enjoyed consulting and training Auto Dealers throughout the country working with ELead CRM. Children Taylor and Cole keep me busy during my free time.
Sam holds a degree in Professional Selling from Baylor, and after a two-year stint in corporate sales at AT&amp;T, he's now joining the CI sales team. Sam serves on the Board of Directors for BraveLove, an organization that raises awareness for adoption. On an average day, you'll find him hanging with friends and family or at a Mavs/Rangers/Baylor game.
Originally from Madison, Wisconsin (Go Packers!), Lindsay graduated from Elon University with a Marketing and Professional Sales degree. She worked in cloud-based consulting at Oracle in Atlanta before moving to Chicago for family and the city lifestyle. She enjoys new restaurants, boating on Lake Michigan and running the lakeshore.
Jon Goodwin is a Dallas native who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a double major in English and Philosophy. When he's not lifting weights, reading on his Kindle, or talking about Existentialism, you may see him working on his tennis game, rock climbing with his twin brother, or looking for the next great place to eat.
Afsheen graduated from Southern Methodist University with a Master's degree in Computer Science. On a typical weekend, she is found lazying around in her bed, playing with her niece/nephews, shopping or on her computer. She is working on her cooking skills these days.
Kelly played football for SMU and graduated with a degree in Marketing from Cox in 2011. He's a proud, native Texan and part Parisian (he briefly played football in France). Don't let his big physical size fool you, deep down he's a friendly giant who really enjoys great Tex Mex.
McCall is a native to Texas and the Dallas area. She graduated from Dallas Baptist University in December of 2014 with honors; achieving a major in Communications and a minor in English. She enjoys photography, horseback riding, and spending time with her crazy family. Her favorite smell is the scent of roses and her favorite color is red. She enjoys spending time outside, making the most of the Dallas life, and campfires under the bright Texas country stars.
Kelly graduated from UNT here in Texas with a Bachelor of Fine Arts. She loves traveling to various scuba diving destinations in hopes of encountering new shark species... or any other adrenaline pumping activity.  When home in Dallas, she enjoys getting outside with her family and laughing as much as possible with friends.
Steve is a native to Texas and the Dallas Area. He has over 10 years of internet marketing experience. When he is not working he has a passion for soccer and football. He and his wife are blessed with two amazing twin girls.
Christina graduated from Texas A&M University with a degree in Computer Engineering.  She enjoys the outdoors and being active.
Leah graduated with a Bachelor's in Drawing and Painting and a Bachelor's in Sculpting from the University of North Texas. Her hobbies include long distance running, boxing, painting and sculpting.
Chris brings the best of the frozen tundra to Dallas. After siphoning every last drop of knowledge from Northwestern University, he traveled the country in search of challenge and adventure, and is now our very own professional problem solver. Chris loves running with his dog, film both new and old, theatre, and a good rush of adrenaline.
I was born in Durban, South Africa Growup in Garland, TexasI went to UT-DallasDegrees: B.S. Molecular and Cell BiologyB.S. CS/Software EngineeringHobbies: Boating,Gaming, working on cars
Carl is a lifelong Fort Worth native, with a BA in Philosophy from UT Arlington. He one day hopes to battle Gordon Ramsey on Iron Chef. 
Kaiti is a native northerner who made the big move down south to study advertising at the University of Oklahoma. When not making design magic with Adobe, she can be found in her kitchen, covered in flour, and trying not to burn her hands on hot cake pans.
Chad graduated from Oklahoma State University with a degree in Management. A Dallas native, Chad enjoys a long run on the Katy Trail, perfecting his golf swing and engaging in competition of any kind.
...
Mayra is a born and raised Texan from Dallas. When she isn't problem solving for the Humanatic team, Mayra enjoys long bike rides at White Rock Lake, tattoo collecting, going on adventures with her children &quot;Pickle&quot; and &quot;Weepy&quot; and watching Ever After on repeat. 
Kyle came from a small town, but lives out his big city dreams. He expanded his love of Computer Science earning his degree from Texas State. He works to keep the cogs spinning smoothly and recharges weekly through rock climbing and his three dogs.
Lauren grew up 15 minutes from the Las Vegas strip. She attended Texas Christian University in Fort Worth in hopes of training to be a news anchor, but instead fell in love with writing. She's a huge foodie and spends her free time dragging her friends to the latest restaurants and trying out new recipes.
Jane is a Kansas native who graduated from Oklahoma State University with a degree in Strategic Communications. She is a word nerd, amateur yogi and coffee enthusiast. On weekends you can find her traveling to Beaver Lake, Arkansas, or wishing she was in San Francisco.
Pursuing a degree in journalism and mass communication, Landon is majoring in advertising and minoring in nonprofit studies at the University of Oklahoma. He has crossed over the Red River to spend the summer in Dallas interning for CI. He enjoys sports (Boomer Sooner/ Thunder Up!), a good book, music and coffee.
Sedona will graduate from Dallas Baptist University this December with a degree in Communication Theory and Business. As an outgoing introvert she is quite an oxymoron. Her hobbies range from solitary Netflix marathons, to spontaneous all-night adventures with friends.
Miguel is a Dallas native who studied Film just down the street at Southern Methodist University. When he’s not making awesome videos for CI, you can find him digging record crates for that rare gem or watching a band play. He’s got eclectic taste, not just in media and art, but also in his other hobbies. You should see him shred with a yo-yo!
Grace is a California native born and raised in sunny San Diego.  She made the move down south to study Marketing at the University of Mississippi.  When she's not cheering on her Ole Miss Rebels (Hotty Toddy!), she enjoys practicing hot yoga, traveling, and exploring Dallas! 
Hayley is a Michigan native who graduated from SMU with a degree in communication studies, public relations, and Mandarin. With a passion for travel and adventure, she spends her time planning her next international adventure, exploring Dallas, concert hopping, and cheering on her SMU Mustangs! Pony Up!
Monica is a Minnesota native, having grown up in the Great Lake state before venturing to Nashville to attend Vanderbilt University. This Commodore grad still enjoys putting her Business and Public Health degree to use by working at CI and volunteering with Hospice Care. Monica believes hockey is the best sport and a long weekend at the lake is heaven on earth - good luck convincing her otherwise. 
Dan grew up in the D/FW area and graduated from Dallas Baptist University with a degree in Business Management.  Dan loves sports, wood working, reading and hanging out with his wife and son.
Jessica is a Kansas City native and graduate of Vanderbilt University, where she studied Human & Organizational Development. Jessica loves spending time with her family and friends, and has been known to chase down live music, Mexican food, and anything chocolate.
Ben is a Ft. Worth native who graduated from Texas A&M University with a B.A. in International Studies and a minor in Arabic Studies. All that means is he can tell you where the Middle East is on a map. Ben is an avid A&M football fan, Chelsea supporter, DFW sports fan and loves a good book or two.
Avi is a Maryland native, born and raised in Baltimore. He graduated from Vanderbilt University with a concentration in Economics and Spanish. He loves watching live music, traveling to new places, hanging out with his family and friends, and rooting for his beloved Baltimore Ravens.
As a Steel City native, Sarah was born cheering for the black & yellow. She ventured to Elon University in sunny NC where she earned some letters (BS,MBA). After nine years working at the university she was wooed away by Century Interactive and never looked back.She enjoys writing long bios as well as playing/watching sports, cooking, attempting to perfect her Bikram moves and dancing salsa.
Brandon is a Canadian American Dual citizen who grew up in sunny San Diego. After going back to study business in Canada he launched a career in Telecom sales. He enjoys outdoor activities such as tennis and hiking. He enjoys traveling and experiencing new cultures and cuisines.
E.j. is a graduate of Elon University in the heart of North Carolina with a degree in Marketing and Sales.  He is passionate about fitness.  You can find him at his crossfit gym early in the morning or at the YMCA in the late evening.  When he's not doing that you can find him listening to music or exploring a new restaurant in Charlotte, N.C.
Originally from upstate NY, Patrick would find his way down south to Elon University and obtain a degree in Marking/Sales. In his spare time he likes to ride motorcycles, kayak and play golf. 
Frank is originally from Ghana and a graduate from Vanderbilt University with Masters in Civil Engineering. He is Civil Engineer turned database administrator with MCSA credential. On weekend you can find him hanging out with his wife and his son or playing soccer. 
Seth attends the University of Texas at Austin majoring in Computational Physics and Mathematics and a series of other things set to graduate Spring 2016. He has a tendency to have a lot on his plate because life gets dull at times. He is currently training for a triathlon scheduled for June 2015. He enjoys traveling ( when he can afford it), chess,talking about his multiple untested theories, and coffee. He is also currently addicted to rap and has been since age 12.
TJ is a proud, native Texan who bleeds Dallas Cowboys silver and blue. When he's not practicing music with his friends or adding to his ever expanding culinary pallet, TJ enjoys the simple pleasures of laughter, love, and Spaceballs.
Matt is a native Texan, born in Odessa and raised in Glen Rose. He graduated from Texas Christian University with a focus on Marketing and Sales. When not at work, he can be found playing golf or rooting the Frogs to victory.
Mizuni moved down to Dallas from Canada. She graduated from the University of Alberta with a degree in Business, majoring in Marketing. When she is not on the computer playing video games, stalking on social networks, or blogging, she is likely swimming with or training her Corgi puppy.
KC is Texas transplant, originally hailing from Alexandria, Louisiana. She first moved to attend college at Baylor University, acquiring a Bachelors in Psychology. She loved Texas so much, she decided to stick around and complete a Masters of Business Administration program from the University of Dallas. In her spare time, she enjoys traveling the world, her favorites at the moment being France and South Korea. In addition to her nomadic nature, she is a sports enthusiast, always eager to take in a hockey game.
Ryan was born and raised in the Dallas area and graduated from Texas A&M University with a B.S. in Psychology. He's borderline obsessed with college football and spends his free time playing drums in an indie rock band or hanging out with his bloodhound Rust.
Cody has a degree from the University of Kansas and attended the Epicodus code school in Portland, OR.  When not coding, Cody enjoys travel, photography, music and almost anything outdoors.
Matthew is a graduate from Liberty University with a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science. Hobbies include video games and solving puzzles/brain teasers.
Matt is originally from Boston, MA and has degrees in business and project management from Elon University and Southern NH University. His passion is working with others and he has considerable project management experience in both small and large organizations. In his spare time, Matt is an avid Boston sports fan and loves to spend time with friends and family.
Joe is a Texas native, having Sooner blood flowing in his veins.  A graduate from Abilene Christian University, you can find him coaching softball or covering Big 12 sports.  Joe's role model is Don Draper minus the drinking and extra curricular activities.  "Do life for an Audience of One" 
Jamal is a native Texan hailing from the burgeoning suburb of Rowlett. He graduated with a degree in Psychology from UT Dallas. In his free time he enjoys making music with his friends, playing with his two beagle pups, and taking long, leisurely bike rides around White Rock Lake.
Don is a high school graduate of Lake Highlands High School. His interests are mostly music, friends, and working. An interesting fact about Don is that he used to be a national speed skater(before he snapped his skates.. Twice..) one of the best on his team too! He loves to make music, he loves to work(at work, at home, on vehicles, or with the band). Don takes care of his responsibilities as they are thrown to him and he takes great pride in doing so. He is an overall hard worker with a good incentive to keep moving. 
Isaac grew up in the Rockwall, TX just outside of Dallas.  He's been with Lead Tag from the very beginning.  When Isaac is not working, he enjoys video games, movies and spending time with his wife and friends.  
Kirby is a native of the DFW area and recently graduated Dallas Baptist University with a B.A. in Communication Theory. He enjoys singing, playing guitar, and finding live music around Dallas.
Cameron graduated from Lake Highlands High School in 2014 and started working at Century Interactive right after. In his free time he enjoys hanging out with his friends, drumming, and managing his band.
A native of Pensacola, FL, Michael is the product manager for Call Box, a game-changing software platform that helps call centers Own the Phone.  Michael spent 11 years in the Navy supervising the operations of nuclear power plants on submarines.  He holds an engineering degree and an MBA, loves Auburn football, and is kept in check by his amazing wife, Megan.
Originally from Philadelphia, Eric graduated from the University of South Carolina with a Bachelor's degree in Philosophy. Having relocated to Atlanta, you can find him working on his golf game or searching for a cheesesteak.
Marni is originally from Baltimore (Go Ravens). She went to school at University of North Carolina at Greensboro and majored in Communications and English. Marni is a big sports fan and shows dogs in competitions across the country. In Marni's spare time she enjoys cheering on her home teams at Ravens and Orioles games. 
Thomas is originally from New Orleans, LA. who moved to the Dallas area after Hurricane Katrina. In May 2012, he graduated from Fordham University, where he studied Business Administration, primarily Marketing and Management. Thomas was a two-time Academic All-Patriot league football student athlete. In his spare time, Thomas enjoys watching football, and hanging out with friends.
Will is an accounts consultant at CI, native Texan, and graduate of Texas A&M, where he studied philosophy and minored in English. Some of his favorite things are baseball, literature (particularly Dostoevsky), writing, running, current events and breakfast tacos.  
Tyler is originally from Campbell, California, which is a located near San Francisco. He graduated from Texas Christian University with a degree in Sports Broadcasting and Communications. His prior work in sports media carries over to his desire to work with people. If  he is not at a sporting event, then he is probably still tailgating outside the venue.
Wil went a couple hundred miles south of his hometown, Dallas, for school at Texas A&M University where he studied English. He loves the outdoors, Texas A&M football, rooting on the Tottenham Hotspurs, and sitting down with a good book. Wil is still waiting for his favorite sports team, the Texas Rangers, to have the first undefeated baseball season in MLB history.
Bethany Bailey is a from the great state of Texas, but loves the mountains most! She graduated from Dallas Baptist University with a Theory Communication Degree with a minor in Music Business. She enjoys hiking, biking with her crazy hot husband, hanging out with friends, going to concerts, and trying delicious foods. 
Taylor graduated from TCU in 2013 with degrees in English and journalism. While there she split her life between the newsroom and band hall with brief visits home to sleep and eat. She loves hitting up Deep Ellum for local music, cuddling with her cat watching Parks & Rec marathons and jazzing the saxophone. Did she mention she had a cat? Seriously though, you should talk to her about him.
I've spent many years in Marketing, Advertising & Sales.  I'm married to a world champion Cowboy and we have one son and our nephew that lives with us.  When not working I'm playing with our kids and 7 horses at our ranch in Colorado. 
Cam is a graduate from Dallas Baptist University where he received his degree in music business with a concentration in recording. Cam spends his free time composing music on various instruments, his favorite being the banjo. Not only does he dream of being a professional musician, but Cam also dreams of being a professional nerd.
A rock star from another planet. His favorite number is 42.
Ben graduated from Texas A&M University with a B.A in Political Science and a Minor in Business Administration. His greatest achievement was representing the United States in rugby abroad for the National U-21 squad. He likes being outdoors and meeting new people.
Allen grew up in the DFW area. He joined the Texas Army National Guard at 17 as a medic and got certified as firefighter only to realize that his purpose could not be found there. Allen is one of three proud founders of a small independent film production. Lone Goat Productions does everything from wedding photography and video to filming music videos and original short films. When he is not working to achieve his dreams you can find him playing or writing new music, stories, or even working on his novel. Allen also really enjoys spending time with his friends and family.
Born and raised in Dallas, Deshia is currently attending Tarrant County College working on her AS in computer science and also, is a certified Pharmacy Technician.When she is not working at Century Interactive in Lead Tag and being a loving mother of a 2 year old and an unborn, Deshia enjoy's being sociable and online shopping.
Nathan heads up our sales efforts @CI.  He's fortunate to be married to Megan, with one son, Brody.
Scott graduated from Washington University in St. Louis with a degree in Architecture, although his interests are in software design and development. He enjoys anything outdoors including swimming, biking, running and snowboarding. 
Kevin's responsible for building the ServiceHook business @CI.  Before CI, he spent 20+ years in a variety of sales and marketing leadership roles, most recently at Dealix where he was VP, Sales.  He's a proud father of 3, who loves to ski, golf, watch college lacrosse and enjoys fine wine and good food! 
Argenis was born and raised in Dallas, Texas. He is currently trying to major in General Business and computer programming. When not at work, you would usually find him playing his guitar or walking in the park. 
Cristian Torres is a Dallas resident, born and raised. He is currently studying IT and minor programming. His hobbies include playing guitar and building computers, he also enjoys hiking.
Edward graduated from University of Texas at Austin with a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering. When he is not hanging out with friends in his free time, he enjoys playing basketball, tennis and video games.
Ross is a Dallas native, but proudly calls Abu Dhabi his second home. Years of travel in the Middle East have taught him the value of continual education, patient bargaining, and well made coffee. Unfortunately, his caffeine tolerance doesn't match his love for Turkish coffee shots. Ross has degrees from SMU and UTD.
Katie is a proud Texas native, originally from the Dallas area.  She grauduated from the University of Texas in Austin with a degree in Human Relations and a minor in business.  She is a serious foodie and will likely be found exploring obscure restaurants.   
Jardin may have a french name but a native from Austin who loves Tex-Mex food. She holds a BBA in Marketing from Texas A&M University, Commerce and can be found most enjoying volunteering and brunching on the weekends in the Dallas area. 
Southern bred from Memphis,TN, Jelisa loves a nice pair of riding boots and some southern summer heat. She graduated from the University of Memphis with a bachelors degree in Organizational Leadership and is currently studying for her MBA at Texas Woman's University. In her free time, Jelisa loves trying new sushi restaurants with her fiance Eric and playing with their English Bulldog Cooper the Mini Cooper.
Tawnee is a military brat originally from New Mexico. She graduated from Dallas Baptist University in 2014. There, she ran cross-country and track, but she will be a runner for life. She lives with a handsome feline named Winston. 
Reagan is a native of the DFW metroplex and a graduate of Dallas Baptist University. She is married to the love of her life, Robby, and they live together in Arlington with their golden retriever puppy, Rachel. Reagan loves to tend to her garden, try new recipes, practice yoga, and search for obscure coffee shops.  
Sara was born and raised in sunny San Diego, California! She moved to Dallas to study Marketing at SMU (Pony Up!) and will graduate in May 2015. She is a major foodie, an avid golfer (played competitively for 10 years), and has a twin sister! 
Allie is a Kansas City native who graduated from Oklahoma State University with a degree in Strategic Communications. She likes to spend her free time playing with her dog, exploring Dallas, reading and practicing yoga. 
Tony joined Century Interactive in January of 2015, moving all the way from Minneapolis, Minnesota.  He graduated from the University of Minnesota with a bachelor of individualized study, concentrating in the history of science/technology/medicine, European studies, and Applied Business.  Music plays a large role in Tony's day to day life, and he actively seeks out every Karaoke opportunity possible.
Kerry is from Rockford, Illinois but has lived in Texas for the majority of his life. He graduated from Texas A&M University with a B.A. in Political Science and a Minor in History. When he isn't working, his hobbies include movie trivia, fantasy football, and watching Aggie sports. His heroes include Johnny Manziel and Kevin Sumlin.
Paige is Fort Worth girl with a BA from TCU (go frogs!) and MBA from UT Dallas. After finishing grad school in December, she is now looking forward to having a social life again and having more playtime with her cat, Sienna.
Starr graduated from A&M commerce with a degree in Accounting. She loves to be doing anything outside and watch her little girl grow up. On her spare time she sticks to her first career of being a stylist.
Matthew graduated with a master's degree in Physics from University of Texas at Dallas. He is a big table top RPG player, even writing one that he doesn't shut up about.
Craishia casually is currently in her last semester of undergrad at SMU, in which she is pursuing a degree in Economics. While she's working to succeed past her dreams, one of them is to achieve her Master's degree before she has children. She has also ran track since she could talk so she knows exactly how to win. 
Mitchell grew up in Dallas. Ever since he was a kid, he enjoyed business and technology. He has started and managed several companies and has a passion for working with others.
Kyle was born in Houston and graduated from University of Texas with an M.S. in Computer Science. He likes to spend his time playing board games with friends and enjoying the rare cold day's walk.
Mitchell was born in Dallas and at an early age moved to Los Angeles, CA, where he was raised, to pursue an acting career. After booking many jobs, which included a star role in Taylor Swift's music video "Mean," Mitchell found himself being called back to Dallas to attend Southern Methodist University. Mitchell plans to receive a B.F.A. in Acting and Theater Studies with a minor in Arts Entrepreneurship and Business in May of 2015.   
Liem graduated from the University of Texas at Arlington with a degree in Biology and a minor in Business Administration, while still pursuing his Economics degree at SMU. Born and raised in Dallas, he is a big fan of the Cowboys and Mavericks. If he is not at CI, you’ll find him making it up to his girlfriend for something he had no idea about, playing basketball, or spending time with his family and friends. Let’s not forget his love for traveling, even though he’s scared of flying.
Amy spent most of her childhood in Houston before moving on to NYC to work in the Fashion industry.  After moving back to Houston so the kids could spend more time with their grandparents (free babysitting!), she studied Front End Development at The Iron Yard and is ambitious to fuse her technical skills with her love of design.
Orginally from central Virginia, now in Wilimington NC with two kids (Lucy and Konrad) and wife Corey.  Enjoys riding motorcycles and the great outdoors. 
Myranda is always willing to lend a helping hand, considers herself to be very organized,  and enjoys writing and reading when she is not working. Myranda also volunteers at an animal shelter in her free time called East Lake Pet Orphanage. She is passionate about caring for homeless animals and helping them find their forever homes. 
Tajerrious was born and raised is a small town named Nevada. He is going to school to major in criminal justice. He is also a Richardson Police explorer. In his free time he enjoys gaming and playing bass.
Dre'Nisha Brown was born an raise in Dallas Tx, Graduated from Lincoln High School (0'13). Was attending Everest College to Major & Business , Ms. Brown Would love to start her own fashion  company some day. She also like playing sports , talking on the phone, & going shopping on her free time  Drenisha is someone that loves being apart of LEAD TAG .
Alexander Martinez is a current college student and majoring in Marketing. He is currently in Leadtag and looking forward to contribute to Century Interactive's success.  
Elezabeth is from Texas. She went to Landmark College in Vermont and majored in General Arts. Her passions are reading books especially by A. Lee Martinez and hanging out with family, friends, and her dog Chewbacca.
Luis Enrique graduated from Lake Highlands High School.  He loves working for Lead Tag.  Luis is also into cars and is working to become a car mechanic.  
Edgar an ordinary man with extraordinary ideas that will shape the future for all man kind. He is the leader of tomorrow and will become a role model for future generations to come. He is a remarkable film maker with amazing talent and outstanding attention to detail in projects. With out a doubt he will continue to be a "Human".
Christina is from Round Rock, Texas. She studied at the University of North Texas in Denton, where she received a degree in Business Entrepreneurship and a minor in Fashion Merchandising. She loves traveling and adventure.
Shanon is a Dallas native. Recent graduate from Georgetown University. His most exciting times are when learning something new, listening to music, and/or being active.
Taylor is a Dallas transplant, originally from small town Poland, Ohio. She attended Rhodes College in Memphis where she earned a BA in Religious Studies with a minor in Art History. She enjoys spending time with family and friends in her free time, especially when that involves Mexican food.
Will grew up in Dallas and went to school at UNT. In 2009 he fell in love with rock climbing and started travelling to pursue his passion. His other hobbies include cycling, free-diving and the "occasional" sci-fi. His current goal is to learn how to B.A.S.E.
Brandon grew up in in Lenexa, Kansas and moved to the DFW area in the summer of 2013. In his free time he enjoys coaching basketball and spending time outdoors fishing, hunting, and camping. He lives in Waxahachie, Texas with his wife Andria. 
Elizabeth is a recent graduate from The University of Texas at Austin with a degree in International Relations and Global Studies. She loves to dance and travel in her free time. She is excited to start her first job after graduation!
Gabrielle is an El Paso Native. She received her B.B.A. in Marketing from UT Arlington. She is a big foodie and enjoys discovering new restaurants in the Dallas area.
Laura is originally from Pennsylvania but is quickly adapting to life (and better weather!) in Dallas. She graduated from Ithaca College in May 2012 and moved to Washington State for her first job in television reporting. Laura loves talking with people, hiking and hanging with her cat. 
Dustin is a recent graduate of Dallas Baptist University with a degree in Broadcast Communication.  He is a huge sports fanatic and if he is not playing sports he is probably at a DFW sports team or a college football game
Ashley hails from Fort Worth. She graduated from Texas A&M University in 2006 with a degree in literature and history. She's passionate about people, books, coffee shops, & super heroes.
call me.
Keila Dawson graduated from the University of Arkansas in 2011 with a bachelor of Arts in Drama. She has spent the past years building her career as an actress. In Keila's spare time, she enjoys laughing and cooking with her husband. 
Jay attended Baylor back when their football team was awful and the Baylor Line consisted of about a dozen freshmen in vaguely yellow shirts.  He loves guitar, guitar gear, computer hardware, his wife and his new son Max.
Hassaan is originally from Pakistan. He graduated from TCU where he double majored in Philosophy and Biology. When not teaching at college, tutoring high school students, or working, he likes to read, blog, and compose poetry.
Rebekah is a Dallas transplant from Washington D.C. and received her B.A. in Communications with a focus in Public Policy from George Mason University. Geek chic, she is fascinated by dinosaurs and the transformation of tadpoles to frogs.
Alexander was born October sixteenth. He has a twin brother and they are so different from eachother. Alexander likes to be outdoors and being adventurous, basiclly he loves a good thrill. A great friend you'll find in him. He's twenty-one and thriving on life. Alexander plans to make big moves in Lead Tag and acomplish a lot of task.
Jenny graduated from Texas Tech University with a degree in Theater Design and Technology. She is an avid movie-goer and loves the outdoors. FC Dallas soccer is her sports team of choice. If she had one super power it would be teleportation.
Evelia was born in Mexico but raised in Texas. She moved to Dallas to attend SMU and graduated with a B.A. in Communication Studies and Public Relations and a minor in Business. When she’s not working for CI you can find her at a concert or any type of musical event. Evelia also has her own music blog, ChabeChrod, where she shares her music interests, music events she attends, and interviews with musicians. Her dream is to one day live in NYC or LA working in the music industry.
Dealam possesses the confidence and capabilities to take part in leadership, and also believes in great work ethic. Dealam has a respect for communication, constructive criticism.  Dealam's ambitions are to open his own place of business in the restaurant industry, and travel across all continents to try the delicacies of all cuisines.
Tiara is from Texas. A student and athlete at Tyler Jr College. Love going out, having fun, and trying new things with friends. Hopes to travel to London in the very near future. Tiara wants to experience the sites and sounds the city has to offer.
Nef is a highly motivated associate who plans on taking his Leadtag experiences to the networking industry.
Northern born and raised, Elliot decided to take his talents to the great state of Texas. Elliot graduated with a major in Strategic Communication and a minor in Spanish from Texas Christian University. Outside of work, you can find Elliot playing with his dog and best friend, Cain.
Hello i attended Southern Methodist University my Major is Religious  Studies and Sports Management 
Jamal hails from Rowlett, Texas and is proud to be a part of the Century Interactive team. He is a graduate of UTD where he studied psychology. He enjoys a wide variety of interests including music, literature, philosophy, art, yoga, biking, playing with his dogs, and meeting interesting people.
Caitlin graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a degree in Advertising. She is a Dallas native (for the most part) who loves travel, cats, designing pretty things, and Oxford commas.
Cord studied Mechanical Engineering and Mathematics at Texas Tech University. He likes to watch soccer (and is known to accidentally call it football), read, write, and find new and interesting places to eat food. His ultimate goal is to find, buy, and restore a 1968 Shelby GT500 Mustang.
Curtis graduated from University of North Texas with a bachelor's in Computer Science. His hobbies include every sort of gaming, backpacking, and reading comics.
Andrew was born and raised in Dallas. He graduated from UNT with an English degree in 2008, gravitating between tutoring and editing before finally landing as a writer. In his free time he likes playing music and reading.
Born and raised in Los Angeles, Taylor moved to the Big D to attend SMU. She graduated in 2013 with a BBA in Marketing. In her free time she enjoys exploring new restaurants, binge-watching Netflix, traveling and cheering on the Mustangs. Pony Up!
Kelsey Samuels is a Dallas, TX native and proud graduate of Texas Christian University. She earned a BA in Journalism thanks to a four-year track scholarship where she threw the shot put, discus, hammer and weight. Besides sleeping, her hobbies include reading a good book, shopping for vinyl records and cooking. Her childhood dream was to be Diana Ross. 
Kristin holds a BA in economics from Sweet Briar College, an MA in Arts Management from SMU, and an MBA with a marketing concentration from SMU. Kristin is a native of Nashville, TN and when not working, she enjoys cooking, reading, crossfit, and dominating local trivia games with her team. 
Elizabeth considers herself an honorary Texan after studying at Southern Methodist University in Dallas. With a background in communications and marketing, she's passionate about helping brands build better connections with their customers. Outside of the office, Elizabeth supports hunger prevention programs in Dallas. A few of her favorite things? HGTV, big Sunday suppers, and walks with her dog Ralph. 
Sabrina graduated from Baylor University with a degree in Public Relations/Marketing. In her spare time she enjoys practicing yoga, binge watching Netflix and struggling to get through George R.R. Martin's Game of Thrones series. 
I have 4 great kids and an awesome wife.  Mountain biking in beautiful St. George is my favorte thing to do.
Daniel graduated from the University of Texas at Dallas with a bachelor's in Psychology. He likes to keep his mysterious persona and writes very short bios.
Management experience - Raised in the Midwest - Married - Enjoy golf - all outdoor sports
Lauren joined the CI team as an International Recruiter. She received her Master's in International Business from Georgia State and has spent the last four years working and living in Guatemala.  She loves traveling, food, diving, fishing and basically anything to do with nature.  
I'm currently 35 will be 36 on May 9th 2015, originally from Roswell, NM. Have been here in the DFW area since 2006. I enjoy learning and hanging out with family and friends. I take everyday as an living experience and try to make the most of it. 
Sarah is a graduate of Le Cordon Bleu in Dallas and enjoys making chocolates. When she's not working she likes taking care of her cats and dog and watching her husband play video games.
As a current student at The University of Texas at Arlington I am thriving in academics and patiently waiting on my Bachelors in Criminal Justice. Having multiple pathways to great opportunities is my vision of success. I am planning to continue to excel in Lead Tag century Interactive all the while obtaining my Masters in Criminal Justice and enlisting as an officer in the United States Air Force. I am enjoyable and always working hard at what makes me happy.
Shametka Britt is a tax consultant and is also an leadtag agent  
Gary was born in Dallas & raised in Houston but returned to Dallas area in 1996. He currently resides in downtown Dallas & enjoys spending time with family. Gary has experience with customer service, sales & technical support in the areas of radio communications & electronics for the first responders public safety providers.
Benjamin is born and raised in Dallas, TX. He is a Lead Consultant at Lead Tag and he really loves being a part of the company. Outside of Lead Tag Benjamin is involved in various activities and works part-time. He loves to learn, read/write, communicate, and help others. 
Ashley Eaton is self motivated and see's herself as lead tag's #1 Leader she has one lovely son and plans to visit Paris France one day! 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ianmccracken
Sean is originally from Downingtown, Pennsylvania and is a graduate from Elon University with a Marketing and Entrepreneurship degree. He enjoys playing and watching all sports and avidly supports all Philadelphia teams.  
19 year old Computer Science Major at Haverford College. I love music: tropical , melodic, and deep house, everything that grooves
Blaise is currently a senior at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas studying computer science.
Jonathan is an undergraduate studying Computer Science at The University of Texas as Austin. He enjoys playing video games and basketball in his spare time.
Caitlin is studying applied math and CSE at SMU. In her limited free time, she enjoys reading, sleeping, cooking, and exploring Dallas's diverse culinary scene.
Jordan has grown up in DFW his whole life. He received his undergraduate degree at Dallas Baptist University in May 2015, and while at DBU he met and married the love of his life Kaitlin Patterson. They have been married for a year 1/2 and just moved to Cedar Hill,TX. Jordan enjoys exercise, through various activities, and playing music (via: guitar, piano, and drums).
Heather was born and raised in Wisconsin, and graduated from the University of North Texas with a BBA in Human Resource Management and a minor in Journalism/Public Relations. She is passionate about health and fitness and enjoys running, yoga, and working out in her free time.
Jennilee joined the CI team as a Human Resources intern.  She is a senior at Baylor University and there's no question that she bleeds green and gold.  You may find her on the golf course, listening to country music, or talking people's ears off about Disney!
JT is from the small town of Camp Wood, Texas and graduated from Texas A&M with a BS in Tourism Management. He spends his time getting lost while exploring Dallas, reading his way through 'The 100 Books You Should Read Before You Die', watching B rated Horror movies on Netflix, or tailgating Aggie Football Games.  
Born and raised in Florida, Tyler moved to Texas to attend TCU. She graduated with a double-major in Broadcast Journalism and Political Science. Outside of working for Century Interactive she loves spending time outdoors and exploring new places.
Mackenzie was born and raised in Dallas, TX. She recently graduated from Oklahoma State University with a marketing and management degree. She enjoys traveling, hanging out with her family/friends and meeting new people.  
Alyssa is a Jersey Girl finishing her Communications degree at University of Delaware, while slowly making the big move to Dallas. She loves anything outdoors, traveling, listening to live music, and wishing she was at the beach. 
Katherine is from Alabama, and is graduating from Dallas Baptist University in August 2015 with a degree in Communications and a minor in Marketing. She enjoys cooking, playing sports, and exploring the city. Katherine is an avid college football fan and you can always find her cheering on the Crimson Tide! Occasionally, Katherine watches golf vicariously wishing that one day she will make it into the LPGA.
Kelly was born and raised in Mississippi. She graduated from SMU with a BA in Markets and Culture. When she's not at work, you can find her at Starbucks, cheering on the New Orleans Saints, lounging by the pool, or playing with her dog. 
Paige grew up in the Bay Area and moved to Dallas for college. She currently attends Southern Methodist University and is excited to graduate next May. In her spare time, Paige enjoys playing tennis, eating tacos, and hanging out with friends. 
Ola was born in Europe, moved to the Midwest, grew up on the East Coast, and fell in love with the South. She graduated from Texas Christian University with a BBA in marketing and entrepreneurial management. She's a fitness junkie with a voracious love of cycling, swimming, running, and yoga. She takes photos of everything and anything, and likes to experiment with the latest and greatest vegetarian recipes.
Haley is Dallas girl, born and raised in Plano, TX. She is a senior at Southern Methodist University majoring in Math and Sociology and minoring in Spanish. Haley loves spending time with friends and family, eating queso, and enjoying the Texas heat.  
Clint is from Red Oak, Texas. He graduated from Dallas Baptist University with a degree in Business Management. He enjoys travel, history, movies, and acting.
Will complete later.
Spencer is a rising junior; majoring in corporate finance at the University of Texas at Austin. He likes sports, reading and working out in his free time. 
Karly has a BA in Journalism from the University of North Texas, an MA in Publishing from Oxford Brookes University, and an alarmingly large collection of garden gnomes. She enjoys coffee at all hours of the day and fears not being on time or having someone view the contents of her iTunes music library.
Vicky is a Dallas native who graduated from SMU with a bachelor of arts degree. She enjoys the visual arts and travel. She likes to explore new places and enjoys to swim. With a love for food, you will find her baking and trying new recipes in her spare time.
Ally, who hails from Manhattan Beach, California, moved to Dallas to study at Southern Methodist University. After graduating in May with a B.F.A. in theatre and a B.A. in journalism, she is excited to begin work at CI.
Allison Simkins was born and raised in Omaha, Nebraska. In 2015, Allison graduated from Texas Christian University with a B.S. in Biology, a B.S. in Mathematics, and a minor in Chemistry. Embracing her Nebraska roots and her alma mater, Allison is a devoted Husker and Horned Frog fan. In her free time, Allison enjoys anything outdoors, anything fast-paced, and anything that involves talking. 
I am currently an Associate Consultant for CI. I grew up in Ft. Worth and graduated from Texas A&M in 2012 and spent the past two years working for an Oil & Gas consulting company. In May, I moved back to the Metroplex to start working for CI.
Vikki is finishing up her last year at Baylor University in Waco, Texas. She is graduating with a degree in Finance, Sales, and Management Information Systems. One of her main passions is to travel and explore the world.
Originally from Frisco, Texas. Currently a Professional Selling student at Baylor University and loves the opportunity to serve and interact with others. In his free time Sam likes to spend time with friends and play basketball. If your college team is playing against Baylor, this guy feels bad for you.  
A Professional Selling and Entrepreneurship major from Baylor University. 
Chris received his Master's Degree in Communication from Illinois State University. He currently lives in Normal, IL with a dog named Eleanor Rigby.
Felix goes to West Texas A&M and studies marketing. He watching and playing any chance he gets. he is also an ex wrestler from high school(so watch out).
Born and raised in Arlington, Lauren is a DFW native. She graduated from Dallas Baptist University in May 2015 with a Bachelors of Business Administration degree, with a Business Management focus. She is a fan of all DFW sports teams, especially the Dallas Stars, and can be found attending games, concert hopping, traveling, and browsing Half Price Books in her spare time.
Rebecca loves art! She enjoys writing, and drawing. 
Joseph enjoys playing soccer and hanging out with friends. 
Mackenzie was born and raised in Carrollton, Tx. Kenzie likes to read and write, and is the loving owner of two dogs. When Kenzie isnt working at Lead Tag office, she is hanging out with friends and exploring woods.
marielda is a loving mother of four boys ages 18, 14, 12, and 6. Shes very family oriented and loves life. Marielda also has a degree in barber and styling and is a very out going person. She also loves to read romance hood books in her spare time.
Jacob was born in Garlad, TX and raised in Plano, Tx. He's currently living in Dallas, TX and living life! He plans on going back to school in the fall for Graphic design at the University of Texas at Dallas. Music and photography are a couple of his hobbies and he just loves to have a good time with friends and chill out! 
Helen recently graduated from The University of North Texas with a degree in Integrated Studied (focus in Communications, Hospitality, and Business).  She loves to hang out with family and friends and travel all over, especially to the beach. 